Add token rotation section to docs (#1009)
slackapi/bolt-js: docs/_advanced/token_rotation.md

---
title: Token rotation
lang: en
slug: token-rotation
order: 3
---

<div class="section-content">
Supported in Bolt for JavaScript as of v3.5.0, token rotation provides an extra layer of security for your access tokens and is defined by the [OAuth V2 RFC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-10.4). 

Instead of an access token representing an existing installation of your Slack app indefinitely, with token rotation enabled, access tokens expire. A refresh token acts as a long-lived way to refresh your access tokens.

> Bolt for JavaScript supports token rotation automatically once enabled in your app's configuration.

Reviewer: As one of the prerequisites on the Bolt app side, we can mention the necessity to use `@slack/oauth` package's default `authorize` function along with `InstallationStore`. This sounds obvious to us but it's not the same particularly for the developers who are new to Bolt. 

Also, we may want to update [the OAuth package's document](https://slack.dev/node-slack-sdk/oauth) as well.

> Bolt for JavaScript supports and will handle token rotation automatically so long as the [built-in OAuth](https://slack.dev/node-slack-sdk/oauth) functionality is used.

Reviewer 2: I was thinking this link would be more useful
```suggestion
Bolt for JavaScript supports and will handle token rotation automatically so long as the [built-in OAuth](https://slack.dev/bolt-js/concepts#authenticating-oauth) functionality is used.
```

Reviewer: Oh, what a coincidence. Ignore my comment.

> Bolt for JavaScript supports and will handle token rotation automatically so long as the [built-in OAuth](https://slack.dev/node-slack-sdk/oauth) functionality is used.

Reviewer: Directly linking to the underlying OAuth package may confuse readers. How about navigating to bolt-js's OAuth document instead?
```suggestion
Bolt for JavaScript supports and will handle token rotation automatically so long as the [built-in OAuth](https://slack.dev/bolt-js/concepts#authenticating-oauth) functionality is used.
```
